TiKV config: add docs for raft engine configurations (#7354)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ The directory in which WAL files are stored
+ Default value: `"/tmp/tikv/store"`

## raft-engine

Configuration items related to Raft Engine.

### `enable`

+ Whether to use Raft Engine as the raft log storage. When enabled, configurations of `raftdb` will be ignored.
+ Default value: `"false"`

### `dir`

> + The directory to store log files. Will be created on startup if not exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The directory at which raft log files are stored. If the directory does not exist, it will be created when TiKV is started.
```

> + When not set, it will be `{data-dir}/raft-engine`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When this configuration is not set, `{data-dir}/raft-engine` is used.
```

> + If there are multiple disks on the machine, storing the data of Raft Engine on a different disk can improve TiKV performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ If there are multiple disks on your machine, it is recommended to store the data of Raft Engine on a different disk to improve TiKV performance.
```

+ Default value: `""`

### `batch-compression-threshold`

> + Compress a log batch if its size exceeds this value. Compression is disabled when it is set to zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the threshold size of a log batch. A log batch larger than this configuration is compressed. If you set this configuration item to `0`, compression is disabled.
```

+ Default value: `"8KB"`

### `bytes-per-sync`

> + Flush buffered writes to disk when their accumulative size exceeds this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the maximum accumulative size of buffered writes. When this configuration value is exceeded, buffered writes are flushed to the disk.
```

> + Setting it to zero disabled incremental sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ If you set this configuration item to `0`, incremental sync is disabled.
```

+ Default value: `"4MB"`

### `target-file-size`

> + Target file size for rotating log files.

Reviewer: 这个是说目标日志文件达到这个大小，就会被轮转吗？

Author: Yes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the maximum size of a target log file. When a log file is larger than this configuration, it is rotated. 
```

+ Default value: `"128MB"`

### `purge-threshold`

> + Purge main log queue if its size exceeds this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The threshold size of log files larger than which the main log queue is purged.
```

Author: I think you misunderstood. This threshold doesn't apply to single file, but rather the total size of a log queue.

Reviewer: Thanks! Comment adjusted

+ Default value: `"10GB"`

### `recovery-mode`

> + How to deal with file corruption during recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Determines how to deal with file corruption during recovery.
```

+ Value options: `"absolute-consistency"`, `"tolerate-tail-corruption"`, `"tolerate-any-corruption"`
+ Default value: `"tolerate-tail-corruption"`

### `recovery-read-block-size`

> + Minimum I/O size for reading log files during recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The minimum I/O size for reading log files during recovery.
```
